Under certain (newer) paradigms/theories of physics (i.e. Wolfram Models) our Universe's dimensionality (and spacetime itself) may be inhomogeneous and noncontinuous. Within those paradigms, there may be certain (unknown/not well understood) mechanical/physical configurations that temporarily upgrade/downgrade the localized dimensionality of spacetime and thereby, due to the natural expanse (or 'update') of the Universe inherent in these models, create a localized pressure differential which could be observed as 'thrust.' In so many words, if one were to engineer a certain 'cheat code' (I use this term because we're talking about computational physics), the Universe will respond by rewarding you with a temporary high or low dimensionality which, in these models, is analogous to high/low energy density, which would invariably affect how nearby bodies interact with it.

The theorized early, hot/dense Universe which lead to a rapid expanse (observed via the Cosmic Microwave Background) could be due to a very high dimensionality (in Wolfram Models).  So, hypothetically, it should be possible for these configurations to exist, at some point.  Engineering them, however, may not be currently feasible.  Or, it may not be feasible from our pocket of Universe.  Further, we don't yet know the 'rule' of our Universe, or if there is just one rule.  We may never.  So, equating/modeling how to engineer such a situation may be difficult.

Still, it makes one wonder if the afformentioned might not be a (slightly reasonable/rational) explanation, if only conceptually, as to how certain 'reactionless thrusters' are operating at a physical level, without actually requiring the energy density to affect gravity, if in fact that is what is being observed (EM Drive, photonic hyperspacial propulsion, EVOs, Quantum Vacuum Polarization, UFOs, etc). 

Side notes:  For the uninitiated, in Wolfram models the concept of 'energy' isn't necessarily tied to particles and their energy-momentum, but rather the 'flux of causal edges' in a causal graph. So, notions of typical thermodynamic laws may not necessarily apply in the same way (i.e. CoE).  Further, dimensionality can be fractional rather than integral (e.g. 2.7 instead of 3).  So, you can have minor fluxes in dimensionality that don't necessarily equate to massive energy changes.
